[ReactNative]: Create Text component in shared UI component library (#162)
MetaMask/metamask-design-system: packages/design-system-react-native/src/components/Text/README.md

// Combining multiple styling props
<Text
  variant={TextVariant.BodyMd}
  color={TextColor.SuccessDefault}
  fontWeight={FontWeight.Bold}
  fontStyle={FontStyle.Italic}
>
  Bold Italic Success Text
</Text>;

// Adding custom Tailwind class names
<Text twClassNames="underline">Underlined Text</Text>;

// Passing additional props to the underlying Text component
<Text numberOfLines={1} ellipsizeMode="tail">
  This is a very long text that will be truncated at the end.
</Text>;

// Using custom styles alongside twClassNames
<Text style={{ marginVertical: 10 }} twClassNames="tracking-wide">
  Custom Styled Text
</Text>;

// Nested Text components
<Text>
  This is a <Text fontWeight={FontWeight.Bold}>nested</Text> text example.
</Text>;
```

## Example with All Props

```javascript
<Text
  variant={TextVariant.DisplayMd}
  color={TextColor.ErrorDefault}
  fontWeight={FontWeight.Bold}
  fontStyle={FontStyle.Italic}
  twClassNames="underline text-center"
  numberOfLines={2}
  ellipsizeMode="tail"
>
  This is a bold, italic, underlined, centered text with error color.
</Text>
```

## Notes

- The `Text` component is designed to be flexible and works seamlessly with `twrnc` for styling.

> - When using `twClassNames`, ensure the class names are compatible with your Tailwind configuration.

Reviewer: Updated here https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-design-system/pull/162/commits/148c766181926ba889e21d049caceae9b5cc75fe

| TYPE                           | REQUIRED | DEFAULT              |
| :----------------------------- | :------- | :------------------- |
| [TextVariant](./Text.types.ts) | No       | `TextVariant.BodyMd` |

### `children`

Text content to be displayed.

| TYPE                    | REQUIRED |
| :---------------------- | :------- |
| `string` or `ReactNode` | Yes      |

### `color`

Optional prop to set the text color.

| TYPE                         | REQUIRED | DEFAULT                 |
| :--------------------------- | :------- | :---------------------- |
| [TextColor](./Text.types.ts) | No       | `TextColor.TextDefault` |

### `fontWeight`

Optional prop to adjust the font weight.

| TYPE                          | REQUIRED | DEFAULT             |
| :---------------------------- | :------- | :------------------ |
| [FontWeight](./Text.types.ts) | No       | `FontWeight.Normal` |

### `fontStyle`

Optional prop to adjust the font style.

| TYPE                         | REQUIRED | DEFAULT            |
| :--------------------------- | :------- | :----------------- |
| [FontStyle](./Text.types.ts) | No       | `FontStyle.Normal` |

### `twClassNames`

> Optional prop to add custom `twrnc` class names for additional styling.

Reviewer: nit: Should we say tailwind classnames instead of `twrnc`?
```suggestion
Optional prop to add custom Tailwind CSS class names for additional styling.
```

| TYPE     | REQUIRED | DEFAULT |
| :------- | :------- | :------ |
| `string` | No       | `''`    |

### Other Props

All other props are passed directly to the underlying React Native `Text` component.

## Text Variants

Available `TextVariant` options:

- `TextVariant.DisplayMd`
- `TextVariant.HeadingLg`
- `TextVariant.HeadingMd`
- `TextVariant.HeadingSm`
- `TextVariant.BodyLg`
- `TextVariant.BodyMd`
- `TextVariant.BodySm`

> - `TextVariant.BodyXs`

Reviewer: Would it make sense to put the types that go with the prop together e.g. 

### `variant`

Optional enum to select between typography variants using the `TextVariant` enum

| TYPE                           | REQUIRED | DEFAULT              |
| :----------------------------- | :------- | :------------------- |
| [TextVariant](./Text.types.ts) | No       | `TextVariant.BodyMd` |

Available `TextVariant` options:

- `TextVariant.DisplayMd` (32px)
- `TextVariant.HeadingLg` (24px)
- `TextVariant.HeadingMd` (18px)
- `TextVariant.HeadingSm` (16px)
- `TextVariant.BodyLg` (16px)
- `TextVariant.BodyMd` (14px)
- `TextVariant.BodySm` (12px)
- `TextVariant.BodyXs` (10px)

Author: Great suggestion. Will update

> ## Text Colors

Reviewer: Same for `color`

Available `TextColor` options:

- `TextColor.TextDefault`
- `TextColor.TextAlternative`
- `TextColor.TextMuted`
- `TextColor.OverlayInverse`
- `TextColor.PrimaryDefault`
- `TextColor.PrimaryInverse`
- `TextColor.ErrorDefault`
- `TextColor.ErrorAlternative`
- `TextColor.ErrorInverse`
- `TextColor.SuccessDefault`
- `TextColor.SuccessInverse`
- `TextColor.WarningDefault`
- `TextColor.WarningInverse`
- `TextColor.InfoDefault`
- `TextColor.InfoInverse`
- `TextColor.Transparent`

## Font Weights

Available `FontWeight` options:

- `FontWeight.Normal` (Weight `400`)
- `FontWeight.Bold` (Weight `700`)

## Font Styles

Available `FontStyle` options:

- `FontStyle.Normal`
- `FontStyle.Italic`

> ## Usage

Reviewer: I think it could make sense to put all relevant information together for each prop so prop name, enum or relevant type and code example for each prop?
